Spoke about plublic key in the README. (#61)
quackduck/devzat: README.md

We also have a Slack bridge! If you're on the [Hack Club](https://hackclub.com) Slack, check out the `#ssh-chat-bridge` channel!

### Public key

> In order to keep track of who is connected, Devzat uses public key authentication. If when trying to connect through port 22 you are denied access with the message `psedo@devzat.hackclub.com: Permission denied (publickey).`, you should generate a key pair on your machine with the command `ssh-keygen`. Alternatively, you can connect through port 443 to bypass the public key authentication.

Reviewer: Simplify the message:

```suggestion
Devzat uses public keys to identify users. If you are denied access: `foo@devzat.hackclub.com: Permission denied (publickey)`, you should generate an ssh key pair with the command `ssh-keygen`
```
